Order history, Templating, Payment and Price engine section update (#9)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/templating/template_resolver.md

# Template resolver

Template resolver enables overriding templates.

> It is an alternative to the [Symfony override functionality](http://symfony.com/doc/current/book/templating.html#overriding-bundle-templates).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is an alternative to the [Symfony override functionality](https://symfony.com/doc/3.4/templating/overriding.html).
```

The template resolver goes through all configured bundles and designs (if specified), looking for the requested template.

> If it can't find the requested template, the template resolver takes this template or default one if the requested template doesn't exist.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it can't find the requested template, the template resolver takes this template or the default one.
```

!!! note

    The template resolver uses dynamic configuration of [the ConfigResolver](https://doc.ezplatform.com/en/2.5/guide/config_dynamic/#configresolver).

    If you want to have one configuration for all SiteAccesses, use the `default` scope:

    ``` yaml
    siso_tools.default.template_resolver.enabled: false
    ```

### Step 2. Create new templates

To override templates, you have to reflect the structure of eZ Commerce vendor bundles, e.g.:  

|                   |     |
| ----------------- | --- |
| Original template | `vendor/silversolutions/silver.e-shop/src/Silversolutions/Bundle/EshopBundle/Resources/views/Catalog/catalog.html.twig` |
|      New template | `/src/Client/Bundle/WebsiteBundle/Resources/views/Catalog/catalog.html.twig`  |

In this example the template from `ClientWebsiteBundle` overrides `catalog.html.twig` from `SilversolutionsEshopBundle`.

## Overriding templates using designs

Design is an additional folder in your `Resources/views`.
Templates in the design folder have to reflect the structure of the bundle or bundles that you want to override.

> In this example you prepare templates for a website redesign with a provisional name `redesign2020`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example you prepare templates for a website redesign with a provisional name `new_redesign`.
```

### Step 1. Change `config_{env}.yml` or `parameters.yml`

``` yaml
parameters:
    siso_tools.website_de_de.template_resolver.enabled: true    # true|false
    siso_tools.website_de_de.template_resolver.bundles: [ClientWebsiteBundle]
 
    # Define design name

>     siso_tools.website_de_de.template_resolver.designs: [redesign2020]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    siso_tools.website_de_de.template_resolver.designs: [new_redesign]
```

```

### Step 2. Create new templates in the design folder

> Create new folder `Resources/views/designs/redesign2020` in your bundle and put new templates there:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create new folder `Resources/views/designs/new_redesign` in your bundle and put new templates there:
```

|                   |        |
| ----------------- | ------ |
| Original template | `vendor/silversolutions/silver.e-shop/src/Silversolutions/Bundle/EshopBundle/Resources/views/Catalog/catalog.html.twig`  |

> |      New template | `src/Client/Bundle/WebsiteBundle/Resources/views/designs/redesign2020/Catalog/catalog.html.twig` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      New template | `src/Client/Bundle/WebsiteBundle/Resources/views/designs/new_redesign/Catalog/catalog.html.twig` |
```

> In this example the template from the design `redesign2020` in the `ClientWebsiteBundle` overrides `catalog.html.twig` from `SilversolutionsEshopBundle`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example the template from the design `new_redesign` in the `ClientWebsiteBundle` overrides `catalog.html.twig` from `SilversolutionsEshopBundle`.
```

Templates in design folders always have precedence over other templates.

> If you have both `redesign2020/Catalog/catalog.html.twig` and `Catalog/catalog.html.twig`, the first one is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have both `new_redesign/Catalog/catalog.html.twig` and `Catalog/catalog.html.twig`, the first one is used.
```

        return $this->render(
            'SilversolutionsEshopBundle:Basket:show.html.twig',
            array(
                'param' => 'example_param'
            )
        );
    }
}
```

#### General usage

Alternatively, you can inject the template resolver in your service (or take it from container) and resolve the template there:

``` php
/** @var TemplateResolverServiceInterface $templateResolverService */
$templateResolverService = $this->get('siso_tools.template_resolver');

> $resolvedTemplate = $templateResolverService->resolve('YourBundle:redesign2020/Catalog/catalog.html.twig');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
$resolvedTemplate = $templateResolverService->resolve('YourBundle:new_redesign/Catalog/catalog.html.twig');
```

```

## Debugging

> You can information about the template resolver configuration and overridden templates in the SilverSolutions tab of the Symfony debug toolbar:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can get information about the template resolver configuration and overridden templates in the SilverSolutions tab of the Symfony debug toolbar:
```
???

![](../img/search_19.png)

For example:

![](../img/search_20.png)

## Limitations

Using the template resolver has the following limitations:

> - `pagelayout.html.twig` can not be resolved by the template resolver

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `pagelayout.html.twig` cannot be resolved by the template resolver
```
